hey this is Evans at motorcycle comm I
just spent the day riding Kawasaki Zhu
bulkan s around the roads in Santa
Barbara area and I got to tell you I'm
pretty impressed with the bike it starts
with an engine that we're really
familiar with and we love from the Ninja
650 and the virtues 650 and then they
put it an entirely new chassis and of
course Kawasaki really wants us to talk
about the chassis because they've got
this new thing going called peugeot fit
and it's pretty cool what it allows you
to do is fit a wide variety of rider
sizes and shapes if you know the ergo
fit allows for two different handlebar
sizes three different seats and three
different peg locations so you can fit
someone from the five foot range all the
way up to six two plus and they will
have fitting centers at right now they
have 700 dealerships signed up so that
you can go in sit on it find out what
setup works best for you and right there
at the point of sale get it set up for
you at no extra charge but riding the
bike it's pretty amazing it's light its
nimble it's got a 27 and change seat
height which is really pretty nice the
engine for 650 it has a decent amount of
torque off the line but unlike a lot of
the v-twin cruisers you can just rail on
this one all the way up to it's not even
100 rpm redline and it just it goes I
mean you know rolling around through the
corners you can keep it in a really
relatively high gear and roll on the
throttle or you can downshift and just
spin the engine up and it's a lot of fun
what can I say
I really enjoyed with the extended seat
and the standard position of everything
else it seemed to fit my body type the
suspension works really nicely given its
limited travel it's only three point one
five inches of travel in the rear out on
the roads out on the highways that seems
to be a goodly amount especially when
you're doing a little performance riding
it's cut it's really sporty get around
town and the hard edge bumps you do feel
that it would be nice to have a little
more travel but that's the compromise
you have to make to get the low seat
height that
Neuer riders will feel most comfortable
with the bike carries its weight nice
and low in the frame so that makes it
for a new rider when you first get on
the bike
it just feels comfortable in your legs
it doesn't feel tippy it feels really
planted and stable a 62 inch wheelbase I
believe it's a nice decent weight not
too long not too short but the steering
is really responsive easily maneuverable
at low speeds at high speeds it's really
tractable as far as dialing and more
lean the corner shoe to tighten up it's
just a really well-balanced machine that
I don't think will be intimidating to
new riders and will not be boring more
experienced riders in its stock form it
comes with a solo seat because according
to Kawasaki is research new riders
aren't as interested in passengers as
they are just having make sure it fits
them personally and I think that's a
really good really good idea when you
move up a little more you can add a
pillion or you can add a rack for a
little more storage I really like this
style I think it's really cool that
cruisers have finally advanced to the
point where they don't necessarily have
to look like they were made 50 years ago
I think it's thoroughly modern that
still has those long laid back lines
that Cruiser riders won and the riding
position is 100% cruiser your feet
slightly forward or if you put it you
can even have it even further forward if
you put the pegs in the forward position
I think that Kawasaki has a really good
bike on its hands for this market the
entry-level price is I believe it's
$6.99 for the standard model the ABS
model is 7 399 and that's a screaming
deal the three color options is a matte
black pearl white and the Kawasaki candy
green no one else can do that color you
really need to check this bike out find
out the whole skinny on this bike -
ninja motorcycle calm and read the whole
test